Update Customize-how-a-Questionnaire-is-displayed.md (#2577)
google/android-fhir: docs/use/SDCL/Customize-how-a-Questionnaire-is-displayed.md

the FHIR standard of the SDC implementation guide, you can create a custom
component.

> ### Create a custom component

Author: reverted and improved in #2580 2580

> ### 1. Create a factory of custom ViewHolderFactoryMatchersProvider

Author: Yes done in #2580

Develop a class that implements the [QuestionnaireItemViewHolderFactoryMatchersProviderFactory](https://github.com/google/android-fhir/blob/ced8527a5481972591615ad4364487e89130fb6e/datacapture/src/main/java/com/google/android/fhir/datacapture/QuestionnaireFragment.kt#L563) interface. This class acts as a registry for associating custom widgets with their corresponding view holder factories. ([example](https://github.com/google/android-fhir/blob/master/catalog/src/main/java/com/google/android/fhir/catalog/ContribQuestionnaireItemViewHolderFactoryMatchersProviderFactory.kt))

As part of this you need to define:-

1. factory: The custom component factory to use.
2. matches: A predicate function which, given a
    [`Questionnaire.QuestionnaireItemComponent`](https://hapifhir.io/hapi-fhir/apidocs/hapi-fhir-structures-r4/org/hl7/fhir/r4/model/Questionnaire.QuestionnaireItemComponent.html), returns true if the factory should apply to that item.

> ### 2. Register the above factory with datacapture library via DataCaptureConfig

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 2. Register the factory with datacapture library
```

Within your [DataCaptureConfig](https://github.com/google/android-fhir/blob/ced8527a5481972591615ad4364487e89130fb6e/datacapture/src/main/java/com/google/android/fhir/datacapture/DataCaptureConfig.kt#L35) object, assign the custom factory matchers provider to the `questionnaireItemViewHolderFactoryMatchersProviderFactory` property. This step makes your provider available for resolving view holders during questionnaire rendering. ([example](https://github.com/google/android-fhir/blob/ced8527a5481972591615ad4364487e89130fb6e/catalog/src/main/java/com/google/android/fhir/catalog/CatalogApplication.kt#L42C5-L47C8))

### 3. Configure the QuestionnaireFragment Builder

> When constructing your QuestionnaireFragment using the builder pattern, utilize the `setCustomQuestionnaireItemViewHolderFactoryMatchersProvider` method. Provide the appropriate string identifier to specify which custom widgets to use. ([example](https://github.com/google/android-fhir/blob/ced8527a5481972591615ad4364487e89130fb6e/catalog/src/main/java/com/google/android/fhir/catalog/DemoQuestionnaireFragment.kt#L142C13-L150C23))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When constructing your QuestionnaireFragment using the builder pattern, call the `setCustomQuestionnaireItemViewHolderFactoryMatchersProvider` method with the appropriate string identifier to specify which custom widgets to use. ([example](https://github.com/google/android-fhir/blob/ced8527a5481972591615ad4364487e89130fb6e/catalog/src/main/java/com/google/android/fhir/catalog/DemoQuestionnaireFragment.kt#L142C13-L150C23))
```
